Browser tests (#135)
meilisearch/docs-scraper: CONTRIBUTING.md

pipenv install --dev
# Linter
pipenv run pylint scraper
```

> If you have chromedriver install you can run the full test suite by passing the path to your
> chromedrive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have [a `chromedriver`](https://sites.google.com/chromium.org/driver/), you can run the full test suite by passing the path to your `chromedriver`.
```
